gasan Abu is now out of Gaza but he
carries with him guilt about having left
and memories of pain his own and that of
the patients he had to treat after the
anesthetic had run out inflicting this
kind of pain to children but at the same
time knowing that they were starting to
show signs of sepsis of infection and
that this needed to be done as soon as
possible that was probably the most
difficult thing and the most difficult
thing for the parents who understood and
stood there while their child was
screaming a leading plastic surgeon left
the UK in the days after the Hamas raid
on Southern Israeli communities aware of
what he calls the small window available
to get in to work here at gaza's alifa
hospital where he witnessed the entire
Health System disintegrate under
sustained military attack and at the AI
Hospital in both he says he saw clear
evidence of Israeli war crimes which
he's now passing on to British police
and the targeting of patients trying to
get to Ali Hospital the use of
phosphorus on civilians in open area is
the use of fragmentation missiles the
targeting of Al hospital all of these
things are part
of what needs to be done to give Justice
to the victims Israel has denied using
white phosphorus in this war but Dr Abu
says he treated injuries that bore its
Hallmarks deep chemical burns through to
the Bone Israel also says that the blast
in the car park at alahi hospital on the
17th of October that killed hundreds
Sheltering there was the result of a
misfired Palestinian rocket Dr abos was
there at the time and he says what he
saw contradicts that the warnings that
the Israelis have made had made
repeatedly um the types of injuries that
I saw the types of wounds that these
injuries had uh uh the the all of all of
what had happened to the health system
before and after I'm in no doubt the
Metropolitan Police has confirmed that
it has received a number of refer fals
regarding war crimes in Gaza and that
any information it assesses is
appropriate will be passed on to the
international criminal courts ongoing
investigation into war crimes in the
occupied Palestinian territories Harry
foret Al jazer
London make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer